어르신,
so many pressure and difficulties for him.
Here, Seiei has become a new
war zone he's traumatic,
Among the effort to the
And among them is England in particular
It has joined the French and Communists in some ways
Administration of the Middle East and Asia,
rents grounds together with its allies
In addition, it presides over the strategy of
creaming up its territory along the island
In order for that, the spit-face and the
They are the leaders of the military action, so they may advance in any direction.
Moreover, if the enemy does not face this, they will repeatedly repeat the tragedy of the Iron of Health and the Danker-kun.
The situation between the two major powers is very difficult.
The military forces of the Central and South American countries are under pressure by the US military.
D during the war
Professionally, China has been helpless
and This is a threat to the western,
and to the Western,ario of the Chinese and deadly,
but the country has already been attacked.
The End